Fix for GOES 13,14,15 files to correctly parse the satellite number (#6451)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6451.bugfix.rst

> Fix a bug to parse the GOES `observatory` number in XRSTimeSeries for GOES 13, 14, 15 and for the 1minute GOES-R data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug to parse the GOES ``observatory`` number in `~.XRSTimeSeries `for GOES 13, 14, 15 and for the 1 minute GOES-R data.
```

> Fix a bug to parse the GOES ``observatory`` number in `~.XRSTimeSeries `for GOES 13, 14, 15 and for the 1 minute GOES-R data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug to parse the GOES "observatory" number in `~.XRSTimeSeries` for GOES 13, 14, 15 and for the 1 minute GOES-R data.
```
